OK, so we have our edit looking pretty good now let me just render this real quick, and we're still
working on this glitchy part towards the end right before the transition.
OK, so we want to like use these cool kind of transitions in this edit for the glitchy part that I
keep talking about.
So let's kind of scoot this over and I'm going to lock our audio tracks.
Hmm.
Actually, that's not working.
So what I'm going to actually try is this clip has a cool beginning like that.
Boom.
I'm going to try reversing this.
So let's go reverse.
Boom.
And now.
Hit play.
I'm just going to speed that up.
Go to Hondo.
OK.
Now, I think we're good.
We just needed a few more clips to fill in some extra space.
OK, cool.
Now let's watch back.
There is a few pacing changes that need to be made.
OK, actually, it's not too bad there's like audio stuff.
You know, we can turn up the audio on these first drone files.
So.
And of course, to I would also add like a crossfade between these so that the change of audio is just
not so abrupt.
This will kind of smooth out the difference in all of this audio.
Perfect.
OK, yeah.
Now we should be looking good.
Oh, yeah.
Perfect.
Just a little bit of change I'm going to make here, and then in the next video lesson, we're going
to hop into getting the remaining footage on our second audio track.